Adding Usability Constraints for Aggregation (#559)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/listunitprice.md

The suggested provider-published unit price for a single Pricing Unit of the associated SKU, exclusive of any discounts.

## Usability Constraints

> **Aggregation:** This column does not support aggregation.

Reviewer: This feels incomplete to me.  I think something _like_ the suggestion below is slightly better.  Definitely open to other ideas than the suggestion too.

```suggestion
**Aggregation:** Column values should only be viewed in context of its row and not aggregated to produce a total.
```

Author: agreed

> **Aggregation:** Column values should only be viewed in context of its row and not aggregated to produce a total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Aggregation:** Column values should only be viewed in the context of their row and not aggregated to produce a total.
```
